hello and welcome to lotus
11 inspiration I was in the last race
ecuador and have this beautiful band
brought along and I already had you
tells that the women are there
wrap in the hair and some of you
had asked if you show it
That's why I show you today
so that's exactly what I am
Of course not
but I watched it a lot and
seen how the women wear this and
Just try it out
The band has an end on one side
and on the other side so small
Bommel and this end here
I'm doing this in my hand
down and then I start this here
to wrap around the job I'm doing my
now a bit sideways with that
he can see better with her but
the women who had that all behind
So the top 10 place to the rear
I'll do that now, then punish
so the juice and this little piece
fabric I'm currently in the hand
has taken that is only here
there really the whole thing too hard about it
so I have it almost here now
wrapped around in the end and here that the
last piece here that I knothe now
I'll do that for you
Only such a small gap us each here
this stroll through
and then it depends down here so yes
Well, it did not work out well
they somehow look better on everyone
In that case they had this straight job
so tight and wrapped and came down
even so out
yes I thought that looks very funny
very beautiful
I would probably do so in everyday life
but not the woman and there
but always had it backwards
a bit , actually quite
practically so without hair gum you have the
all hair together and it is somehow
sometimes something else
maybe you want it all too
let's try that one can also
with something else so do this now
with this could be such a fabric tape
So you also with a loop tape
give it a try
maybe one or the other has yes
let that try it out or else
just so you see so the
Women in Ecuador the traditional
wearing clothes had just the same way
around the two also in different
Colors plain or just plain
also a dark or so colorful
so very different maybe
interested you may have you
I want to do that
I hope you like the zero and
Happy to have you tried it
and yes, if you like it then give it
I had a thumbs up
something nice in the comments there
I look forward to it and look up
our other videos and see you
then again next time